{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
\b0 \
\cf0 You initialize a repository in order to add a .git repository. You need to do it so that you make a connection between git and the folder in order to track commits.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?\
What value do you think it offers?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 The staging area is the \'93purgatory\'94 zone where your files can rest before you commit them into action!
\b \
\
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical\
change?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The staging area will help show the files that have been changed over time. The green labeled file will show what\'92s in staging.
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history\
organized? How would branches help?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 Situations that would be helpful in keeping history organized are when you are creating divergent 
\i styles
\i0  of a game; whether that be different languages, difficulty, features, etc.
\b \
\
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?\

\b0 Diagrams help to contextualize where in the project commit tree branch you are working, as well as graph the entire commit tree of branches.
\b \
\
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in\
the diagram the way we do?\

\b0 The result of merging two branches is combining code sets in include features and create a parent/child relationship. The diagram is to visualize these relationships.
\b \
\
What are the pros and cons of Git\'e2\'80\'99s automatic merging vs. always doing merges\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 manually?\

\f1\b0 \
}